docs(release-checklist): add cargo update steps to task list (#6657)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release-checklist.md

Sometimes `dependabot` misses some dependency updates, or we accidentally turned them off.

Here's how we make sure we got everything:
- [ ] Run `cargo update` on the latest `main` branch, and keep the output
- [ ] If needed, update [deny.toml](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/blob/main/book/src/dev/continuous-integration.md#fixing-duplicate-dependencies-in-check-denytoml-bans)

> - [ ] Open a separate PR with the changes, including the output of `cargo update`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Open a separate PR with the changes, and add the output of `cargo update` to that PR as a comment
```

## Telling Zebra Users

- [ ] Post a summary of the important changes in the release in the `#arborist` and `#communications` Slack channels

> If the release contains new features (`major` or `minor`), or high-priority bug fixes:

Reviewer: I just noticed this formatting issue which makes "If the release contains new features" appear inside the previous checklist item.
